Clarify how functions are uploaded with wrangler pages (#7176)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/direct-upload.md

### Using Functions

> Drag-and-drop deployments made from the Cloudflare dashboard do not currently support compiling a `functions` folder of Pages Functions. In order to deploy a `functions` folder, you must use Wrangler, which will automatically upload a `functions` folder from the directory where it is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag-and-drop deployments made from the Cloudflare dashboard do not currently support compiling a `functions` folder of Pages Functions.
In order to deploy a functions folder, you must use Wrangler. When deploying a project using Wrangler, if a `functions` folder exists where the command is run, that will be uploaded with the project.
```

### Using Functions

> Drag-and-drop deployments made from the Cloudflare dashboard do not currently support compiling a `functions` folder of Pages Functions.
> In order to deploy a functions folder, you must use Wrangler. When deploying a project using Wrangler, if a `functions` folder exists where the command is run, that will be uploaded with the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Drag and drop deployments made from the Cloudflare dashboard do not currently support compiling a `functions` folder of Pages Functions.
In order to deploy a `functions` folder, you must use Wrangler. When deploying a project using Wrangler, if a `functions` folder exists where the command is run, that will be uploaded with the project.
```
